Hi John, 

The work your about to test is from the group 16 and do not involve anyone else.
We hope that while testing our app your are not going to have any bugs and that your experience will be fluid and enjoyable.
Please note that our app is based on file storage. For this reason you may have to remember the following in order to have the best experience possible:
After every action that involve data storage, the action is stored immediately. Despite this, the informations you see on the portal are not immediately updated.
That is because you have to re log to your portal to see the updated informations. Not doing so may conduct to misunderstanding and eventually some bugs 

For your conveniance, we have created a student profile and a teacher profile that you may use to have a look to all the features of our app. Of course you can try to log in 
with every account on the database logIn that you see but most will be empty and doesn't belong to a courses or to a workgroup: you will not see deeply our program and you won't be able
to quickly see all the features. despite this, if you have time you can buid a new workgroup full of student in a matter and associate it with a teacher. then you can log in with the 
teacher's account you have chosen to put marks, attendance report or manage the course the way you want to. Note that you have to use an administrator account to do so.

student account mail: JocelynLamers@college.ie
student account password: Lamers2001

teacher account mail: SharronLamberth@college.ie
teacher account password: Lamberth2009


you can try every administrator account you want. they all work the same. we have put an account to make it easier for you:

administrator account mail: RuthTai@college.ie
administrator account password: Tai2047


through every week we have updated our status in all project management application we used. 
If you desire to have a look, please find all the link used for our project management below:

link of our gitHub: https://github.com/HugoC2510/OOP-Group16.git
link of our Trello: https://trello.com/b/XqgVvJOe/oop-group-16
link of our lucidChart: https://lucid.app/lucidchart/3a2932bd-47ee-4b46-9d5e-4006632842cc/edit?page=HWEp-vi-RSFO#?folder_id=home&browser=icon

Also, our github commit are organised by week. There is one branch for every one of the 8 weeks of the project and a build note file in .txt
that you can read in order to see the sum up of the work made this week. This can also be seen on the Trello.

if you have any question or request about our work, feel free to contact us.

As we will probably not see each other again, all the team 16 wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Years Eve.
we thank you for everything.
Best regards,

Hugo camps
Julien Msika
Jean-Marc Hanna
Lorenzo Mendes
Aurelien Delicourt
Albert de Watrigant